Is the destiny of mankind controlled by some transcendental entity or law?
Is it like the hand of God hovering above?
At least it is true...
...that man has no control, even over his own will.
Not my choice...
I was not...
I was not born as a woman by choice!
What I can't forgive is how your selfishness nearly got Griffith killed!
I don't care if you drop dead somewhere in battle!
But I'll never forgive you if you ruin the Band of the Hawk, Griffith's dream!
And I can't forgive you for making Griffith change like he has...
Why?
Why did he choose you?
Why you?
Feel no shame about shape.
Weather changes their phrase.
Even mother will show you another way.
So put your glasses on.
Nothing will be wrong.
There's no blame. There's no fame.
It's up to you.
The first words should be found.
Whatever holds you back.
I... ...can... I can get it off.
Tell me what... Tell me what... Tell me what you want.
I don't know why... Don't know why...
Don't know why you're afraid.
Tell me what... Tell me what... Tell me what you'd say.
I don't know why... Don't know why... Too late...
It's too late.
Prepared for Death
What's the matter?
Are you giving up?
Oh brother, a woman can be such a nuisance.
A woman has no strength. She can lose her temper at the drop of a hat.
Not only that, but you're on your period.
At any rate, women just aren't cut out for war.
You know nothing about women!
Of course not. I'm a man, so how could I know?
What I do know is that we don't have the time...
...to be stranded here by your woman problems any longer.
The enemy doesn't care about your condition or if you are a woman or not.
On second thought... they are probably glad, wouldn't you say?
Let's move!
What the hell?
Hey, is this a breeding ground for swarms of mosquitoes?
I found you.
I am glad you are alive, kid!
Hey, old man, you're looking pretty good yourself.
Shut up!
Even though it was a fluke, a bastard like you caused me some real trouble.
I, a proud Tudor knight, could not bear to die without rectifying the situation!
Oh, really?
I'm not going to let you die easily.
I will haul you off as a captive and expose you to hell on earth.
You'll enjoy a secret torture technique, the 100-year Monzetsu Goroshi...
...that has been passed down through the Coborlwitz family for 200 years!
I didn't think you'd still be holding a grudge.
If you surrender without protest, I'll spare you.
But if you want to cross us...
...we'll chop off your arms along with any other body parts we like!
So long as you're alive, it does not matter.
As for the woman, we will make her a plaything for my soldiers right here!
I have to suggest that you don't try that.
She is a truly scary woman.
She'll rip you to shreds.
How dare you joke around with me!
Beat them down!
I don't need your help anymore!
Great!
Damn!
There are only two of them!
Don't hesitate!
Overwhelm them in a single charge!
They are incompetents, every one of them.
Samson!
Here, Big Brother!
Assistant commander of the Blue Whale Heavy Assault Knights...
Samson!
He is my younger brother and second strongest warrior in my entire unit!
Additionally, Samson's armor is three times as thick as anyone else's!
Even buried under an avalanche, he would be absolutely indestructible!
On top of that, his iron ball can crush a buffalo's head flat in a single blow!
If a man gets hit squarely by it, nothing will remain but a piece of flesh!
Now, I give you no quarter!
Have them experience firsthand...
...the esteemed techniques of the Coborlwitz family!
A sword would be smashed if used to block his attacks directly.
What should we do?
He knocked it back?
I can't believe it...
He's beating back every blow from Samson's iron ball...
Oh, I see!
He has no time to dodge the blows because of their incredible speed!
No... With Guts's skill...
...he should be able to evade and attack.
There's no need for him to damage his sword like that...
He's protecting me...
He's injured...
The arrow wound I inflicted upon you when...
...you were trying to protect that woman seems to be bothering you!
Quit your dawdling!
He's been injured!
Finish him off quickly!
Hey!
I'll clear the way for you...
...and then you sprint for the woods.
But...
What the...
S-Samson...
Now!
Get away from here!
Get your ass moving!
Run!
But... What are you doing?
Go right now!
No way...
I just can't...
I won't leave without you!
Shoot!
Aim for the woman and kill her off!
Foolish!
You repeatedly get wounded on behalf of a mere woman.
How stupid you are!
Why?
Don't get the wrong idea.
A sickly person is of no use here, so I want you to get lost.
It's not my nature to evade the enemy.
Besides, I've got to get even with that sniveling bastard.
As you said, maybe I'm content just wielding my sword...
But you're different, right?
Do you want to die in a place like this?
Do you want to die a meaningless death in this little skirmish?
Has the wish you hold in your heart rotted away that much?
There are times when a sword needs to be sheathed.
Go back to the sheath that protects you.
Go back to Griffith.
Hurry up!
Run!
Go!
Get out of here!
I promise to return with our comrades!
Don't die until then!
Don't let her get away!
Get her and kill her off!
You shouldn't go chasing after women until you get your work done...
...you scheming cowards!
You bastard!
W-What a man!
He beats armored men as if they were cherries to be picked.
It's unbelievable, but a man drops every time he swings his sword!
I didn't know that such a man existed among the enemy lines.
My sword is blunt. The blade has gotten dull.
However, it's three times as thick and three times as heavy as any other.
Just hope you die when I hit you, or you'll be in lots of pain.
You son of a bitch!
Look here!
All of you, stop dawdling!
Though he is skilled, the enemy is only one wounded man!
All we have to do is surround him, and he'll be finished!
We number one hundred men!
Get him!
Don't talk nonsense.
Is there anyone who wants to take revenge for Samson?
No one wants to.
Are you all really proud knights of Tudor?
Actually, we're mercenaries over here.
I will pay triple the reward I promised if someone beheads him...
No, wait. I'll even increase the amount by five...
And I'll guarantee your promotion to battalion commander!
F-Five times the reward... What should we do?
Naturally, we've got to give it a shot.
It looks like he can't move around too much with that wound.
It'll be possible if we get a group of five men or so to challenge him.
What are you bitching about?
I'm leaving then.
That's right. That's how mercenaries have to be.
Right?
Pursuers?
Four...
No, there are five...
Die!
Pull yourself together!
Damn it, that bitch... Get her!
What are you doing?
Kill him at once!
We did it!
Good!
We've crippled his left hand now!
He won't be able to wield his huge sword so easily.
Beat him!
Now it's getting interesting.
This is the end...
I can't run anymore...
Oopsie, I bet you'd like to get your hands on that.
You put us through a lot of trouble, girl.
We can put you out of your misery soon, but...
A whole bunch of my comrades were killed by you, so...
Before killing you off, I've got to thank you for that.
Don't glower at me like that.
I'm offering you all the fun you want right before setting out for the afterlife.
You should show me some gratitude.
Well, well...
What's wrong? Are you embarrassed?
I don't care if you command a thousand men in battle or not...
Now look at you. You don't seem to have any authority over me at all.
I'm unable to push this bastard aside...
My... My arm is so powerless...
Looking back, the morning comes.
Don't find your face in your glass.
Take the moonlight by the tail.
It's a rainy sight. You're shading.
What is that?
It's just the same.
What is trying your crown?
I'm spending my glass, walking back.
So wear my glass. You're fading.
I'm waiting so long.
I'm waiting...
Next Episode
In every man's heart burns a flame that can never be extinguished.
This flickering fire is what ignites a man's ambition...
...warms a man's heart, and incinerates a man's emotions.
The question arises...
Will the flame of fate ever be extinguished as long as man lives?
Bonfire of Dreams